💥 Stop defaulting `maxKeys` and `maxDepth` on `object` arbitraries (#2951)
dubzzz/fast-check: documentation/Arbitraries.md

- `key?` — default: `fc.string()` — _arbitrary responsible to generate keys used for instances of objects_
- `depthFactor?` — default: `undefined` [more](#depth-factor-explained) — _factor to increase the probability to generate leaf values as we go deeper in the structure, numeric value >=0 (eg.: 0.1)_
- `maxDepth?` — default: `undefined` — _maximal depth for generated objects (Map and Set included into objects)_

> - `maxKeys?` — default: `undefined` — _maximal number of keys in generated objects (Map and Set included into objects)_

Author: ```suggestion
- `maxKeys?` — default: `undefined` [more](#depth-factor-explained) — _maximal number of keys in generated objects (Map and Set included into objects)_
```

*&#8195;with:*

- `depthFactor?` — default: `undefined` [more](#depth-factor-explained) — _factor to increase the probability to generate leaf values as we go deeper in the structure, numeric value >=0 (eg.: 0.1)_

> - `maxDepth?` — default: `undefined` — _maximal depth for generated objects (Map and Set included into objects)_

Author: ```suggestion
- `maxDepth?` — default: `0x7fffffff` [more](#size-explained) — _maximal depth for generated objects (Map and Set included into objects)_
```
